                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

   "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
   and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of 
   this License, each contributor hereby grants to you a perpetual, 
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable 
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, 
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the 
   Work and such derivative works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of 
   this License, each contributor hereby grants to you a perpetual, 
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable 
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, 
   use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work 
   or derivative works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, 
   and in Source or Object form, provided that you meet the following conditions:

   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or derivative works 
       a copy of this License; and
   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating 
       that you changed the files; and
   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any derivative works that 
       you distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution 
       notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices 
       that do not pertain to any part of the derivative works; and
   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file, then any derivative works 
       that you distribute must include a readable copy of the notices in 
       the "NOTICE" file, excluding those that do not pertain to any part 
       of the derivative works, in at least one of the following places: 
       within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the derivative 
       works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided; or, 
       within a display generated by the derivative works, if and wherever 
       such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE 
       file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the License. 
       You may add your own attribution notices within derivative works 
       that you distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text 
       from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices 
       cannot be construed as modifying the License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, 
   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work 
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of 
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade 
   names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, 
   except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the 
   origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed 
   to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides 
   its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS 
   OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, 
   any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, 
   or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, 
   whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, 
   unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) 
   or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, 
   including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages 
   of any character arising as a result of this License or out of the use 
   or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, 
   work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages 
   or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work 
   or derivative works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for, 
   acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations 
   and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such obligations, 
   You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, 
   not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, 
   defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, 
   or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such 
   warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following 
boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with 
your own identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!)  The 
text should be included in each file of your project or in a NOTICE file 
as appropriate.

   Copyright [2026] [v3nn7]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
